Adds Integration Tile Partial in Continuous Testing Product Landing Page (#16077)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_testing/_index.md

> Fast-track your application development by testing and troubleshooting in one platform. Use integrations with CI providers such as [GitHub][5], [GitLab][6], [Jenkins][7], [CircleCI][8], and [Azure DevOps][9], and collaboration tools such as Slack or Jira to merge workflows and prevent context switching. 

Author: ```suggestion
Fast-track your application development by testing and troubleshooting in one platform. Select from the following integrations with CI providers and collaboration tools such as Slack or Jira to merge workflows and avoid context switching. 
```
